Add `.spec.ignoreMissingValuesFiles` to HelmChart API (#1447)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/helmcharts.md

Values files also affect the generated artifact revision, see
[artifact](#artifact).

> ### Missing values files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ignore missing values files
```

Author: I'd left off the "Ignore" word as I thought this also nicely described the default behaviour: considering a missing values file to be an error, but I'm happy either way :-)

Reviewer: The title name must match the spec field.

Author: It's updated to do so.

`.spec.ignoreMissingValuesFiles` is an optional field to specify whether missing
values files should be ignored rather than be considered errors.  It defaults to
`false`.

> When `.spec.valuesFiles` is specified, the `.status.observedValuesFiles` field

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `.spec.valuesFiles` and  `.spec.ignoreMissingValuesFiles` are specified, the `.status.observedValuesFiles` field
```

Author: Updated.
